DOCS-3028 Polish remaining TC2.1 Docs After Merge (#1247)
truenas/documentation: content/TrueCommand/Alerts/AlertManage.md

![DashboardSystemAlerts](/images/TrueCommand/2.0/DashboardSystemAlerts.png "Dashboard System Alerts")

> To view all alerts for a single system from the **Dashboard**, click on the system's name to open the system details screen. The **Alerts** area displays the system's alerts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion to remove possessive form of system's with system
To view all alerts for a single system from the **Dashboard**, click on the system name to open the system details screen. The **Alerts** area displays the system's alerts.
```

{{< tab "Alert Rules" >}}

Alert rules generate alerts in TrueCommand.

> TrueCommand has several default rules built-in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TrueCommand has several built-in default rules.
```

TrueCommand administrators and [team members]({{< relref "/TrueCommand/TCGettingStarted/UserAccounts.md" >}}) with the appropriate permissions can create new alert rules.

To view all TrueCommand alert rules, open the **Configure** <i class="material-icons" aria-hidden="true" title="Settings">settings</i> menu and click **Alert Rules**.

![AlertRulesScreen](/images/TrueCommand/2.1/AlertRulesScreen.png "Alert Rules Screen")

The **Alert Rules** screen details each TrueCommand alert rule and shows which user account created it.

## Managing Alert Rules

Users can activate, suspend, edit, or delete alert rules using either an administrator account or the one that created them.
Users can create new TrueCommand alert rules to monitor system information and generate a TrueCommand alert if specific conditions occur.
To create a new alert rule, click **+ NEW ALERT RULE** and follow the creation wizard:

![AlertRulesCreate](/images/TrueCommand/2.0/AlertRulesCreate.png "Create new Alert Rule")

To create a new rule:

1. Specify the **Alert Options**:

>    * Enter a name into the **Alert Rule Name** field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion change to an ordered list for procedure actions 
   a. Enter a name into the **Alert Rule Name** field.
```

>    * Select a system from the **System** drop-down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   b. Select a system from the **System** drop-down.
```

     The rule applies to the selected system(s). Non-administrative user accounts require appropriate system permissions.

>    * Select the alert type on the **Priority** drop-down list. Choose **Information**, **Warning**, or **Critical** to determine which category generated alerts will be.

Reviewer: ```suggestion to remove 'will' from the sentence
   c. Select the alert type on the **Priority** drop-down list. Choose **Information**, **Warning**, or **Critical** to determine the alert category generated.
```

>    * Type a description for the alert.

Reviewer: ```suggestion for ordered list action step
   d. Type a description for the alert.
```

2. Specify the **Alert Triggers**:

>    * Select a data source or rule type from the drop-down to determine what can trigger an alert. For example, *cpu_temperature* means the alert rule monitors the temperature of the chosen system. Scroll down the list to find the desired source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion bullet not needed for this indented content.
   Select a data source or rule type from the drop-down list to determine what can trigger an alert. For example, *cpu_temperature* means the alert rule monitors the temperature of the chosen system. Scroll down the list to find the desired source.
```

   ![AlertTriggerDataSources](/images/TrueCommand/2.1/AlertTriggerDataSources.png "Alert Trigger Data Sources")

>    * Select the comparison type from the **Comparator** drop-down (**Greater Than**, **Less Than**, or **Not Equals**). The comparison type applies to the data source and comparison value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   b. Select the comparison type from the **Comparator** drop-down list (**Greater Than**, **Less Than**, or **Not Equals**). The comparison type applies to the data source and comparison value.
```

   
   ![AlertServicesSMTPEmailptions](/images/TrueCommand/2.0/AlertServicesSMTPEmailptions.png "Alert Services: SMTP Email options")

   * **Mailserver** (*smtp.gmail.com* for example)
   * **Mailserver port** number
   * **Auth user** email address for plain authentication, for example, *adminuser@yourmail.com*
   * **Auth pass** password for the plain authentication; for a *No-Auth* SMTP configuration, leave the password field blank
   * **From** is what sends the email (i.e., no-reply@TrueCommand.io) or allows you to customize the sender field of the email 

>   Click **Test** on the **SMTP Email** configuration screen to verify that the configuration is correct.

Reviewer: Is this step 1 in the process? if yes, give it a 1. and move it to line 143, add a blank line, indent the image to align with the test indentation.
